You might have heard of Shikhman Raji.
He's a very charitable person maybe as
rich as obligates mashallah
and he's very close to me. He told me
that in his v
he wrote
in his vak anyone who's my trustee he's
a billionaire
$20 billion wak he gave $20 billion and
much more
only one w
any trustees if they travel with my
trust money will travel only in economic
class
and when he travels at the age of 80
also
He travels in economic class. So he told
me once I went to the ticket counter and
the ticket person said your son is
traveling in first class, you travel
economic class. He said my son father is
a rich man. My father was a poor man.
So this is the reason Shik Solan Raji
became Shik Sulan Raji.
But today most of the D want to travel
in in business class. If you don't give
business they don't to come
and unfortunately most of the Muslim
organization have to comply with it. We
have a policy we don't give business at
all. Want to come come don't come all
not that we can't afford it. We are the
biggest organization in the world. Only
one conference we spend $5 million but
we give economic class.
Why are you rough
and th excuses why I want business
class? I've got thrombocytosenia.
Wrong flight disease. LONG FLIGHT IS A
MISNOMER. I'm a doctor. You don't
require a business class. YOU TAKE A
SEAT AND THE PROBLEM IS SOLVED. BUSINESS
class is not the solution.
So if you know how Allah has given us
money, we should know how TO SPEND IT.
SHOULD NOT DO.
Allah is blessed as I can travel in the
first class. I always travel in economy
once there was a ris against me. So
there was no ticket. So once in my
lifetime only I purchased a business
class. That's a different thing. Allah
blesses me and upgrades me. Most of the
time they recognize me shake come to
business class. That's different. It's
complimentary.
We can afford it.
Allah has given us wealth. I can afford
a Rolls-Roy. We drive in a ta. You know
what this is? Allah gives you wealth and
Allah checks how you spend it.
When I go to a hotel in my full life,
I've never spent more than $100 or $110
for a room.
Never. Not that I can't afford I can
afford $10,000 a day. Allah is testing
us. Allah is giving wealth and seeing
how you're spending it. We spend on
what? Cameras. That camera is my
Rolls-Roy.
Each camera costing $300,000. That's my
Rossy.
Rossy. Allah gives you wealth. Allah
checks. Where do you spend it?
So this is a test. Wealth is a big
fitna.
Allah checks how do you spend it? If
Allah made the biggest organization, do
you buy car for yourself? No. We spend
EVERYWHERE I TRAVEL WITH no ticket.
And I tell no one should charge ticket
for my lecture otherwise they won't
come.
If you charge I won't come. I pay for
one ticket I say I will pay for my own
hotel. If they force and then insist the
hotel owner is owner doesn't take money
that's the different thing
we set standards. This is a test
[laughter]
and the bigger the d is a the test
bigger the test. Oh more followers no
more test. So we pray to Allah subhanana
wa ta'ala in taj every day.
Let not the Satan get the better of us.
Let not the popularity come into your
head. Not the wealth come into your
head.
It's a test.